Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Brandon and Diana again,
and we have some things on our heart.
You know, I've been asking the Lord,
'Lord, there's a lot going on
right now. There is a lot going
on.'I
told you all we would start to see these
things—what
the spirit of the Lord was
showing me in prayer:
the earthquakes, the
wars and rumors of wars, the
escalation with Iran. It seems
like all is being stirred up like a
pot, isn't it? But you can feel there's
something major about to take
place. And then we have all the
tariffs happening and all the things
going on with that, and the economy
crashing 1,500 points the day before and
2,000 today, and most people are like,
'What's going on?'You know, and
everybody wants to—'Where'd you go,
Braden?'Listen,
if I don't feel the
presence of the Lord on a video and I
watch it back with my family and I
just go, 'I'm not going to
release it.'I vowed to
the Lord: if I do not sense the presence
of the Lord on a video, I'm doing my
best. You know, some of them you may
say, 'Well, I didn't feel nothing on
that video.'Well, it was
semi-okay,
so I release it. But I'm
telling you, if I feel a video is dry,
I'm not going to waste
your
time. I just don't want to waste
your time. I'd rather it just be
nothing on the air at all than for me
to
come on here and just ramble around.
If I feel a leading, I'm going to put it
out, and this is one I feel a leading
on. I was praying and I was asking the
Lord about things, and He said, 'I
want you to start reading the book of
Jeremiah. I want you to go over
Jeremiah and look at what
he went through and the things that I
called him to say and warn the people
that were not ready to hear what he had
to say.'They persecuted him for what
was coming. They persecuted him because
of the things that he was saying and
decreeing by the
voice of the Lord. He was saying, 'Hey,
this judgment's coming. These things are
coming.'And
you have a lot of
itching-ear
people right now, a lot of
prophetic voices like I told you all
that are giving words at a level down
here. I'm not here
to criticize because I'm not going to point
any names out; I'm
just telling you what I've heard the
spirit of the Lord
say. They're
so apt to want to be the first is what
I'm hearing—to be the one that is
always in the spotlight like a Hollywood
celebrity wanting to have their name in
lights instead of going higher. And the
Lord told me, 'There's a lot of
my ministers that are speaking from a
level down here instead of looking out
like an eagle. They're not looking at
the eagle level. They're prophesying
down here with the
chickens.'And
He said, 'And when you do that,
you're only able to see the trees in
front of your face. You cannot see from
a far distance what's coming
to warn the people because you're
prophesying down where the chickens are.
And if you don't get up where the eagles
are because the eagle has an eagle-eyed
view and they're able to see
miles away.'An
eagle is
able to see miles; they're able
to see a long way and they're able to
tell what's coming in the
future from storms or whatever because
they're able to see it. But if
they're down there with the chickens,
you're only able to see the trees. So, you're
prophesying at the tree level and you
need to come up higher in the mountain
level. And that's where the Lord is. And
the Lord told me,
'Brandon, are you not in the end times
right
now?'I
said, 'Well, we see the signs,
Lord. Of course I believe we're
in the end times.'And He said,
'Then what did I say in my word was
coming for those end-time people? If
your generation is the closer
generation—and
we've heard it and
heard
it—if
you
are a closer generation, what are you
expecting to come?'And He gave me
Matthew
24. I want
Diana to read
this. And this is not a feel-good
passage. This is not a feel-good, 'Wow,
this makes me feel good. Oh, good times
are coming.'If we're living in the
last days, if we truly are living in the
last days, what are we supposed to
expect with an eagle-eyed view? What
are we looking for? So,
are we looking like everybody's saying
there's good days coming, all this
greatness is coming, 'Boy, I tell you
what, this is going to be the best of
the best'?
Are we off when we say that? I don't
know. Let's see. We're in the end times,
right? So, what is the end? What did
Jesus say we're supposed to expect? Go
ahead and read chapter 24, verse 4. I want
you to start there.
Jesus answered them, 'Be careful
that no one mislead you, deceiving you
and leading you into error. For
many will come in on the strength of my
name, appropriating the name which
belongs to me, saying, "I am the Christ,
the Messiah,"and they will lead many
astray. And you will hear of wars and
rumors of wars. See that you are not
frightened or troubled,
for this must take place, but the end is
not yet. For nation will rise against
nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and
there will be famines and earthquakes in
place after place.'Pause. There'll be
famines and there's going to be
earthquakes in place after place. So,
there's going to be
earthquakes all over the place, major
earthquakes. What I tell you is
coming—the
Lord said in 2025 we're going to
start to see major earthquakes. Then we
had the one in Asia. Then
we had another one in Asia. There's more
coming. Keep going. There's
pestilence and earthquakes,
wars, rumors of wars. Keep going. 'All
this is the beginning, the early pains
of the birth pains of
intolerable anguish. They will hand you
over to suffer affliction and
tribulation and put you to death. And
you will be hated by all nations for my
name's sake. And then many will be
offended and repelled and will begin to
distrust and desert him whom they ought
to trust and obey and will stumble and
fall away and betray one another and
pursue one another with hatred. And many
false prophets will rise up and deceive
and lead many into error. And the love
of the great body of people will grow
cold because of the multiplied
lawlessness and iniquity.'Okay, pause.
So, He's warning right there that
there's going to be a lot of people fall
away. There's going to be a lot of
people that are going to be persecuted
for His name's sake.
You're going to be tested basically by
the world persecuting you because you're
a Christian. Then He said we're going to
see lots of false prophets rise up.
I don't know—like I've said this
before—I
don't know of any other denomination
or belief system that has prophets
other than the Christian
community. We don't have Buddhist
prophets. We don't have Muhammad
prophets.
I haven't heard any, but there's a lot of
Christians and a lot of it is the
charismatic circle. Many false prophets
are going to rise up. So does that make
these people bad? No. It just means
they're not hearing Him. They're
down with the chickens. They're
not hearing a clear direction. So
anybody who gives a word that is off,
that automatically makes
it
false. But does that make them a bad
person? No. Are they doing it out of
malice?
Are they trying
to be mean? Are they saying, 'Well, we're going
to lead all these people astray'? No, I
believe they're just missing it. Many
false prophets. It's not somebody that's
out there. I don't believe there's a lot
of these people, because I've talked to
them, that are doing it and trying to
be deceitful.
They're just down with the
chickens and they're listening
in front of their face instead of
coming up higher with the fire, getting
at the throne room and sitting at his
feet. You're going to see a
bird's-eye
view, not a chicken-eye view down
here. So many false prophets. So,
are we in the last days?
I believe we are. So, what are we
supposed to expect? We're supposed to
expect the things that he said in his
word we would see. And this is the
beginning of sorrows. And the Lord
warned us this was coming. He said it
would be the beginning of sorrows. That
means we just started. So, if this is
the beginning of sorrows, are there good
days
ahead? I don't know. I mean, because the
word just said this is the beginning of
sorrows. What does it mean to sorrow?
Sorrow doesn't sound like a good thing
to me. I'm just saying that
doesn't
sound like goosebumps and
everything. When I hear sorrows,
that seems sad. Sorrows is sad.
That's a sad time. So it's the beginning
of sorrows. So we have a lot of words
being given, and I'm not
here to point out people,
but we have a lot of words being given
about the United States is going to do all
this stuff, and we're going to do all
these things, and everything's going to
get better for a season.
And the Lord told me
we have a window,
a
season of
blessing for the remnant to get up the
wealth of the wicked to lay up for the
righteous. He said,
'Why?'Because
there's great days of turbulence
coming. Very hard days are
coming. Matthew 24. So, let's
keep reading. 'But he who endures
to the end will be saved, and this good
news of the kingdom, the gospel, will be
preached throughout the whole world as a
testimony to all the nations. And then
will come the end.'So, we're going to
see the gospel preached throughout the
whole world. And I'm telling you, I
believe Starlink will have a big hand
in this. Starlink, the internet,
bringing these satellites that the
internet is preached throughout all the
devices, YouTube, and things like
that. The word is going forth
into all nations. And it's not by
internet cable anymore. It's by a link.
You can have it on your phone and
you have a signal, and all of a sudden
you're able to see the word anywhere in
the world by a signal. So it will be
preached throughout the whole world and
then the end will come when the gospel
is preached. So I believe that's the
end-time
revival. I believe there's a
glorious outpouring that has yet to
happen, and we will see it throughout
every island, all over the
world, because God is going to give every
unbeliever an
opportunity—leaving
the 99 to go after the
one—to
open their ears to let them hear
what's about to take place so that you
can't get up to the throne and say,
'Well, I never had the opportunity to
hear it.'Because listen, this is the
first time in history, in any
generation, that God is saying it's
over. It's always been by your hand or
your great-grandma's hand that she
died and rejected
Christ. They had the opportunity,
but they just denied it. But this is the
first time in history that God said,
'I'm ending time as you know it. I'm
ending it.'So it's not by them
dying. It's by me saying it's over. Does
that make sense? It's the first time
ever that God's saying time as
we know it will be no more. So he's
giving everybody
an opportunity to have the
choice to reject it or accept
it. So we're seeing it right now. Men's
hearts are growing
cold. There's a great falling away. The
statistics are
that there's less people coming to
Christ than there were at this
time. I look at people sending me
things,
and
I get it. The word told us this
would
happen. But he said, 'Brandon, I'm
going after the one.
I'm going after the one that I see
their heart, that maybe they just
have that one opportunity to
accept me as their Lord and personal
savior.'And
I'm telling you all, we're
going to see the glory cover the earth
like waters cover the sea. So
this is what he told me in
Jeremiah. And
we're going to see the
glorious church rise up like we've never
seen before. But he's given me these
scriptures. He wants me to tell you all
it's not good days coming. It's like
looking at a quarter. You can see the
glory or you can see the
darkness. And that's where we're at
right now. Things are going to escalate
in a rapid manner. From Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah,
he said things would
accelerate. As labor pains upon a woman,
so will it
be. It said it in the
word. So, we're seeing labor pains
increase. We are going to see some
major earthquakes. We are going to see
some major volcanoes. People say, 'Well,
there's volcanoes going off right now,
Brother Brandon,'because Diana got the
email. She goes, 'Well, they're talking
about your volcanoes again, what you
said you saw.'They're happening in
Iceland. They're happening in a
couple in Alaska. One's happening in
Hawaii. Folks, those aren't major
volcanoes. I said major volcanoes. You
need to look at Italy. Watch Rome. Watch
Italy. Watch this area. I'm telling you,
a major shaking is about to take place
in areas that you didn't believe
possible. So much so that it will happen
in the sea. I'm telling you, you must
look at the
oceans. Look at the oceans. Many fish
are going to start to die. You will see
it. And it will be like in Hosea. You'll
see this. The fish are going to start
coming up from the depth. And you're
going to go, 'What kind of fish is that?
We've never even seen that fish
before.'Watch.
Remember what I'm telling you.
You're going to see these things.
Volcanoes are going to go off on the
ocean floor and there's going to be great
shakings and you will see fearful sights.
And it will be so much so
that you cannot look
horizontal in the natural. If you look
on the news, if you look on what's going
on around you, it will cause mere men to
fear. And it said in the word that men's
hearts will fail them for fear, looking
after those things that are coming upon
the earth, for the powers of the heavens
shall be
shaken. You're going to see things that
you did not ever dream you would see.
The Bible even said that the earth
would rock and
reel
like a drunkard
with earthquakes and things. So,
we're going to see some radical stuff up
in here that you never believed you
would see, folks. But the
Lord told me when I was getting ready to
do this video, he said, 'Brandon, I'm
about to show up in a way that this
generation has never seen
before.'In
any of these generations,
probably from your great-grandma to
whoever is
on this earth right
now, you've never
seen a showing up and showing off like
you're about to see, where you will say,
'God is God.'And in a 24-hour period,
everything's going to change.
Everything's going to change and you're
going to look back and
say, 'Do you remember how things changed
so quickly after 9/11?'It was a United
States event, but it affected the whole
world.
In a matter of just a couple of moments,
one day, 24-hour period, everything
changed. Folks, I'm telling you, another
event is about to take place. Another
major event is about to take place.
I heard somebody sent me
an
email again. You told me,
'Brandon, Cindy Jacobs just gave a word
that told about the terrorist
cells
inside of
America.'And
she named off Dallas.
She named off San Diego. She named off
Los Angeles. And she named off New
York. Folks, I told you 10 cities. I
told you 10 major cities. I saw this in
January to warn you all, 10 major cities,
about
trucks and vans with...
but it was not terrorists. I said
these are... this is a
nation inside of our nation, and it is an
act of war. What I have seen coming:
attacks from within, attacks within, a Red
Dawn
experience. And we have another
prophetess,
a lady that I believe hears
the voice of the Lord. Over time, she has
a track
record
saying, 'This is what I've seen
coming. We must pray.'I told you to pray
for our
churches'Easter
as we come against Iran, as we
come against Hezbollah, as we come
against these terror groups. There are
hidden cells, the enemy within, a Red
Dawn experience inside of our nation. Is
it China? People say that was what the
movie is about—was China. Is China in
our nation? I don't know about China.
The Lord didn't show me China. The Lord
showed me
Iran. The Lord showed me Iran. You need
to hear that. The Lord showed me Iran
and other nations. They were like
assisting inside us as they infiltrated
across the border. Three major
generals—I've
warned you about these generals.
They're still here. And most people go,
'Well, we haven't seen nothing
happen.'Glory
to God. Glory to God that we have
not seen those trucks go off, but the
vans... but I'm warning you. I know by the
Spirit of the Lord this is not over. And
most people are like an
ostrich. They put their head in the sand
and they don't want to
know what's going on. They don't... 'Well,
you know, he's a false prophet. They
didn't hear it right.'Oh, because it
didn't happen in your timing. Thank God
Daniel is not... you know, after how many
thousands of years, some of his words have
still not come to pass, and
he's in the
Bible. Glory to God, folks. I'm telling
you, it's His grace and His
mercy and His timing of when things are
going to take place. But I'm telling
you, when I've been praying lately, the
Lord said to me, 'You need to look at
Jeremiah. You need to read Jeremiah,
Brandon, for you're a type and shadow of
a Jeremiah in these last days.'And I
said, 'Lord, that's harsh. What is that?'So,
Diana,
I've been reading
Jeremiah over and over.
I've been meditating on one of the
scriptures, but this is the one He gave
me. And so, read Jeremiah, baby.
Then I said, 'Oh, Lord God, behold,
the prophets say to them, "You shall not
see the sword, nor shall you have
famine, but I will give you assured
peace in this place."'And the Lord said
to me, 'The prophets prophesy lies in my
name. I have not sent them, commanded
them, nor spoken to them. They prophesy
to you a false vision, divination, a
worthless thing, and a deceit of their
heart. Therefore, thus says the Lord
concerning the prophets who prophesy in
my name, whom I did not send, and who
say sword and famine shall not be in
this land. By sword and famine, those
prophets shall be consumed, and the
people to whom they prophesy shall be
cast out in the streets of Jerusalem
because of the famine and the sword.
They will have no one to bury them,
nor their wives, their sons, nor their
daughters, for I will pour their
wickedness on them. Therefore, you shall
say this word to them: "Let my eyes flow
with tears night and day, and let them
not cease. For the virgin daughter of my
people has been broken with a mighty
stroke, with a very severe blow. If I go
out to the field, then behold those
slain with the sword. And if I enter the
city, then behold those sick from
famine. Yes, both prophet and priest go
about in a land they do not
know."'What
I want to say to you all is that
there's a lot of people speaking
to a lot of itching
ears. And I'm telling you all by the
Spirit of the Lord, what I've seen
as I go up higher is that God has
given us that window. And in this
window, what will you do with it?
I'm telling you all that I've seen hard
times coming for
some, especially the ones that are not
listening. There's a great shaking to
awaken that's about to take place upon
the world. It's not just about America.
Well, what about Donald Trump? What
about all this? I told you I've seen a
plague. I told you I've seen these
plagues like Jesus talking about. I'm
talking about major plagues. I'm talking
about major famine.
So much so that there were lines down the
road trying to find food, trying to get
food. When you say, 'When is that going
to happen?'I don't know. I can't give
you an exact date. On this day, at this,
it's going to manifest. I see
in part, hear in part. All I know is as I
go up higher, as an eagle's eye view, I
see these things coming. I see a major
revival with brush arbor churches. I
saw people that looked like a sea of
people with a Holy Ghost Woodstock
revival. And it wasn't happening in your
average churches that thought they
were qualified to have it. 'Well, we walk
in holiness. We walk... we don't wear
makeup. We don't cut our hair. We don't
do... well, we qualify ourselves and so we're
there.'No,
it's people that you least
expect it that God is going to put
His finger on them as a new David and
say, 'Rise up, son or daughter, and take
my gospel throughout the whole
world.'And
you will see people
that were just the people in the
back corner that God's going to bring up
to the forefront overnight. And the
people who are on the forefront right
now are going to lose their positions
because they don't want to let God be
God and flow in the Holy Ghost in the
churches. And you're going to see people
that have huge platforms in the days
ahead lose everything within a 24-hour
period. And you're going to see them
that they're going to go, 'Whoa, my
goodness, what happened to their
ministry? Well, my goodness, where is
this person coming from?'because they
were the ones that just said yes. And
the ones that are on the platform now
are the ones just saying no. 'Well,
we've done church this way for all these
years, and it's been this way for all
these years, and we love the way it's
been for all these years, but God says,
"Behold, I'm going to do a new
thing."'And
you are
so backbone-stiff-necked to Him saying,
'I'm going to do it this way, and this
is the way we've always been.'And God
says, 'I'm going to do something new in
this generation. And I'm going to bring
the Holy Ghost in a new way and a
new era of time with a new river
instead of flowing the way you've always
done
it.'And
if you are stiff-necked, I'm
telling you, there's sin behind the
pulpits more than just being
stiff-necked.
And the Lord said, 'Judgment
begins in the house of the Lord
first.'And
He warned me. He said, 'Brandon,
don't touch the gold, and don't touch my
glory.'And
there's many prophetic voices
right now that are touching the gold and
the glory. There's many preachers right
now that are touching the gold and
touching the glory. He told me, He said,
'If you're touching the gold and you're
touching the glory,'just like He told
Oral
Roberts, He said, 'Woe unto
you.'Because
that anointing...
you'll see it present on people's
lives
in the past, and you'll go, 'What
happened to them?'It's like they're
dried in the desert. You're in the
Mojave, and you go, 'What
happened to the Holy Ghost?'Because He
pulled His stuff from you. He pulled the
glory from you, and He's not going to
share it with anybody. He said to me,
'If you deflect it to the Father all the
time, you're going to walk with me, son.
If you never ask my people for a dime,
I'll pour it out on you. I'll bless you
in the city and the field coming in. But
you'll never use your platform ever in
any way to go and solicit my people for
anything. If you feed my people, they
will feed you. If you preach the word to
them, they'll take care of you. But you
never solicit, pastor, you know, go
up there and do this. No,
just preach and bring the glory down, and
God will take care of you. You're not
doing it to get the people to give you
something.'The
Lord told me, "There
are
many of my prophetic
voices right now who have used the
anointing and the glory for material gain."They've used it for
material
gain;
they have big jets,
big cars, and all this stuff.
God doesn't care about you being
prosperous, ladies and gentlemen; it's
not about that. He wants you to
have
exceedingly abundantly above all
that you dare ask or think. But don't
sell
the
anointing. Pray for the
people. Freely you've been given, freely
you give it out.
It doesn't cost anything. You know
how many people
think,
"If I pray for that person and
they get healed of cancer, I
deserve payment"? We went
to these people because
we wanted
deliverance;
people told us that Megan had a
devil and that she had autism
because of it. We were
desperate.
As a young person at
twenty-some
years old, I said, "Oh my gosh, I
don't know where to go to get a devil cast
out, but if she has a devil, Diana, let's
go!"So,
we spent all we had on a
credit card
and
drove down to Dallas because they
wouldn't pray for her until they
received payment. They wanted
five
hundred
dollars.
We paid them the five hundred bucks on a
credit card because we needed the
deliverance.
We were crushed when we left and no
devil was out.
This is a
major ministry, and they still took the
money.
We paid
for hotels and childcare to come
with us and bought their hotel because we
thought, "This is it. Once we get this
devil cast out, we're going to get our
miracle and she's going to talk
because it's the devil holding her
tongue."I'm
telling you folks, I've
seen it all, and woe unto you who have
done that kind of stuff. We've lived it,
and
it was crushing. I walked away
feeling like somebody had punched me in
the stomach.
If I mentioned their
ministry, you would freak out. I would,
but I vowed I'd never do it. Love takes
no account of a suffered wrong. Not only
that, love doesn't do that to his
brother. They'll fall on their own;
they'll
do it
themselves.
I'm telling you, the anointing
is
going to expose people like that because
if it happened with us, it's happened
to
a lot more, trust me.
Those days are over.
You will see an arising of
new
faces in the days to come because of the
way the anointing was distributed in the
past.
We've been to places where the
glory came into a service after the main
speaker
left, and the shekinah glory showed up
because God
was waiting for the main speaker to be
done. The glory wasn't on that speaker, and
He was
waiting for
them
to
leave.
There's a problem, folks.
We will see a line
coming
in the body of Christ like we've
never seen before with people who are
rising up and just saying
"yes"versus
the people who thought they were
something.
Big heads and big egos
are
coming, and God is saying, "Look, I'm looking
for somebody who's just
humble."We
deflect to
You, Lord,
because
without You, we can do nothing, but with
You, we can do
anything. All things are possible to him
who believes. I just wanted you to be
aware of
Jeremiah and Matthew 24 and know we are
in the last days. The things you're
going to see in the near
future
will
be shock and awe
for some of you because you've
listened to so much
sugar. You've eaten so much sugar
that your
teeth are rotten and you need to
get off of
it.
It's destroying you. Get
on
a
sugar cleanse because
we are in the last of the
last days and Jesus Christ is coming back
again.
He's coming back
for a church that has a backbone
and is without spot or wrinkle—not
one
with demonic oppression where
you're walking around busted and
disgusted with demonic strongholds.
Wrinkles
are
hidden sin—walking around looking
at stuff on the internet, partying,
drinking, and acting a fool, thinking that
you are a part of the remnant
when
you are not. I'm
not saying you have to be
self-righteous, but there's a difference
between practicing sin and trying not
to. People fall, but
we don't practice it on purpose.
Lukewarm means
you are
practicing sin on purpose. "I'm
purposely going to go out tonight
to the club
to dance, get
high, smoke
our
reefer,
drink some
whiskey, and
have sex with my
girlfriend, but we're saved and
part of the remnant."You're a fool.
If
you messed up, fine—repent, take
communion, and
say, "God, forgive me,"but don't make
a habit of
it.
Repent means to turn
away from.
I
will not have a lifestyle of practicing
this and thinking that I'm godly.
It's so
foolish.
I'm talking about
the person who is deliberately being an
idiot. Deliberate sin.
"I'm going to
snort that cocaine
and then
I'll repent
afterwards.
I've
got
this bag of coke and I'm just going
to go to town on this. I bet Jesus is
going to forgive
me."I'm
not saying that God
won't forgive you
if you confess your sins, but I'm
talking about going in the Rapture; I'm
talking about people who are
sold out for God. I
want to shake you for what's coming.
I was sitting in the car
praying and looking out over
an
Irish pub in
Tulsa. I was eating my fish because the
Lord's been on me about
taking care of myself.
I saw
all the people going
in, and they are
oblivious to what's coming. We are the frog
in a pot and
the water is boiling
around us, but we
have no idea
because
we've
become so
desensitized to our
surroundings. As I was sitting there, the Lord
told me,
"Brandon,
there's going to be an
event."There's
going to be a major event that
everyone—it's
going to get their
attention. I just
refuse to have your blood on my
hands. That when you get up and you're
standing before the Father, you can say
that no one warned you.
I warn you with everything I have inside
of me to warn you as a man of God.
I'm just
Brandon, but I stand on my wall and I
look out on the edge of the horizon of
time, my wife and
I, and we yell as loud as we can to tell
you: Jesus is coming.
But I'll not have your blood on my
hands. And you get before the Lord and
say, "No one warned
me."Prophet
so-and-so
said all things were good, everything
was going to be all right for so long,
and we had fifty years, we have all this
time. Folks, no man knows the day
or
the hour.
But as we watch the fig tree, Israel, as
we look at the signs of what He said was
coming in His beautiful
Word, you yourself can discern and see
that, can't you? If you just take a
moment to
look and go
inward—do
you not feel the
urgency? Do you not feel the shaking
inside of you warning you that Jesus is
coming?
I believe even somebody with one eye and
half sense could see around them with
wars and rumors of wars, earthquakes in
divers
places, and what you're about to
see as the economy
crashes, as the Dow Jones
plummets
2,000 points, 1,500—all these things.
Is that the beginning of the major crash?
I don't know, we'll watch. Just keep
watching. I'm not here
to point you to things financially like that;
I'm here to point you and to tell you
I've seen things coming. And that's my
job. I said a digital dollar will
come. A major shaking to awaken is
coming. A digital dollar will come
and
point you to Jesus. Yes.
Crypto will be a new platform that
brings in the beast
system.
When is that? I don't know. Watch. Keep
watching. We're praying
over
it. All I know is I have an
anticipation. All I know is Diana and I
both have such an anticipation that
Jesus is
coming. Everybody wants to know all the
time, "I need to know
when."Look
around you. The fig tree is
blossoming and it has huge figs on it,
and they look ripe to me.
If they sacrifice the red heifer
soon—and
we don't know if they
do—if
we see the temple being negotiated with
Trump... I warned you: Trump, in his term,
will negotiate the peace treaty for the
Third Temple.
I've seen it. Now we have
basically almost four years
left. He's only been in there
for not even a hundred days.
Look at all that's
happened. When will he bring this to
pass? Will he do this? I've seen
it. I'm just human;
I can miss it. But I've seen things and
I'm praying over it, and it will be with
the Saudi Arabia prince, and I saw
Macron,
and all these things are going
on. Will we see the Third Temple being
built
soon? Will we see the Antichrist
start to be coming out of the cracks
a little bit? I don't believe he'll be
fully released until the church is gone.
I believe we're the Great Restrainer.
The church is the Great Restrainer. And
when the Great Restrainer is removed,
like the Word talks about, then the
Antichrist will show his face. So if
that is about to take
place, how close are we if
they start getting ready to build the
Third Temple? How close are we,
folks? Only time will tell. Most people
say, "Brandon, you said Jesus is coming
back soon, but you're talking about four
years and five
years."Folks,
five years ain't nothing. If it's 2030
and we're out of here, or 2028 and we're
out of here, and then by the next Shemitah
cycle—a four-year
window for a
major revival and all these major shakings—if
the Shemitah
cycle comes and
we leave in that time frame by
2028, I don't know about you, but the
last year even went by fast. But my
goodness, folks, four years ain't
nothing. Five years ain't nothing. But
most people go, "Well, that's a long
time for me."Yeah, I can see if you
think your life's terrible and you don't
like living day-to-day, four years could
be a long time if you're looking at a
clock. But if you're busy doing the
Father's
business, if you're busy doing what the
Father has told you to do, four years
is a blink.
Every day I'm pulled so hard from you
all that I go, "What happened in
the week?"I blink twice and I'm
trying to fill myself up all the time.
Like yesterday and the day before, just
sitting there going, "God, pour into
me."I
feel like people are like a
vacuum onto me, sucking everything out
of me. It's literally—and I've been
like, "God, from
church."When
I'm at church, people go, "I
need you to minister to me."I'm like,
"No, no, no. I need
ministry,
too. Let me stand in
line. Help
me."It's
what I feel like because after you get
through with the weeks I've had with
people pouring on you and asking for
prayer and everything, you
dump out and I go,
"God, fill my cup, Lord. Fill it up,
Lord. God, I need help. I need
a drink. Please. I'm so
parched. I need help. Help me."I take
the Bible. I go, "Help
me."It's
just being real.
Diana reading. Diana's like, "I'm tired.
My eyes are tired. I don't
want to read."I say, "Read! Please help me.
Put it on
Audible."I'm
not here to try to complain. I'm
here to try to tell you Jesus is coming
and we love you. Well, we're going to
pray. I feel like that's enough of what
we said. I probably said way too much,
but I just tried to do what I
felt on my spirit as I sat there and
prayed today. Let's take this body and
let's take the communion together and
let's pray. Let's pray for you. Let's
pray for all that you're believing for.
Many of you are believing for a
lot, but it's not a lot to God.
Seems a lot to us, but like I
said, all things are possible to him who
believes.
So, Father, we thank you for
this
body. We thank you that Easter's coming,
Resurrection Sunday.
Jesus, the day you died and you rose
again, the day we celebrate as
Christians: we believe that Jesus Christ
died and He's coming back again. He rose
from the dead and He ascended to the
Father and He's coming back
again. Jesus is coming
again. And we believe that that day is
at hand, that the hour of the Son of
Man is coming again upon this earth and
you're coming back for us. We believe
that in a moment, in a twinkling of an
eye, we'll all be changed. And we're
going from glory to glory. And
we believe, Father, that right now,
we have a job to do.
And we thank you, Lord, for your body
that was broken that we're able to do
it, that we're not underneath the old
covenant. We have a new covenant. And
your blood was shed for us that we
don't have to walk in a devil's defeat.
We don't have to walk in poverty and
lack and not enough and barely getting
by, but we walk in the authority of the
believer, knowing that greater is He
that is in us than he that is in the
world. A thousand shall fall at our side
and 10,000 at our right hand, but it
shall not come nigh us. We lift up this
body that represents the body that was
broken for us. You were beaten. You were
bruised. You went through
all of it for us that by your
stripes we are
healed. Thank you, Lord, for your body.
And we take this right now in
Jesus'name.
I didn't get one. Okay.
Sorry. Here you go. We got that
one. And the sister sent us
another from
Amazon. Glory to God. We take this blood
and we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of
us. We apply the blood of Jesus over us,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that
if we confess our sins,
you are faithful and just to forgive us
of our sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. And we take this blood
right now in the name of Jesus, from the
top of our head to the soles of our
feet, this blood travels through all our
cells. And it says cancer cells,
diabetes cells, whatever you may have,
you can't live here
anymore—get
out.
Hypothyroid, slow thyroid, whatever: be
gone in
Jesus'name.
Eyes open, ears open! Blinded eyes
see, deaf ears hear, hearts
function. All of it is by the blood, by
his stripes, by his body. It's all been
paid for on that cross. What he did for
us, what he bore in his body, we need
not bear in our own body. Satanic
bondage—from
cigarettes to alcohol, to
sexual perversion, to drug addiction, to
whatever it may be—you are free by
the blood, by the body. You are free.
And we take this blood right now in the
name of
Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you,
Lord, for all that you've done.
We make much of the
blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we're free. For
whom the Son has set free is free
indeed. I'm free.
Thank you, Jesus, for you are
good and
your
mercy endures forever. For the Lord,
he is good and his mercy endures
forever. Great is your faithfulness to
us, Father. Great is your faithfulness
to us, Lord. Glory to God!
We give you praise, glory, and honor
for all that you've done and all that
you're going to do. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that we let our praises
outmatch our prayers today. And we give
you glory for healing our bodies. You've
delivered us from all sickness and
disease. You've made us joint heirs with
you, Jesus.
We're seated in the throne room right
now and we sit at your feet.
We're there. We're looking at you and we
say, "For the Lord, he is good and his
mercy endures forever."And as we do that, Lord,
we know that you inhabit the
praises of your
people. Lord, we give you praise,
glory, and honor, Father, for all that
you've done and all that you're going to
do. This will be the greatest year
we've ever seen in our lives. As we
sit
on the edge of the horizon of time and
all the things that we've seen coming
that are going to be shaken to awaken,
we're awake and we're going to have
catcher's mitts on because
the people are
coming in fast. They're going to be
looking as things are being shaken;
they're going to be looking
at
all these signs
going around. They're going to be
looking, and we're going to be there
waiting on them. We're
saying, "Come on over here. We have an
answer. It's
Jesus. Jesus is
coming."Plain
and
simple. We're here to tell you, "Come on
over here. We have
the sign. We're out here."They see it.
"Where's your sign?"Our sign's over here:
"Jesus is
coming."That's
our
sign. And everybody's looking at
us;
they see it on our faces,
it's on us. They say, "There's something
different about you. You're not
panicked. Why are you not freaked out?
All this stuff's going on; we're going
all
horizontal."Well,
how are you not freaked out?
Because
we're going vertical. Our eyes
are looking at him. We ain't looking at
all this down here, folks.
We're looking up
because our redemption draws nigh. We're
staying vertical while
others
are looking horizontal. You say, "How
are you not freaked out?"Because we're
looking vertical. Our eyes are looking
on Jesus. We're looking
up because our redemption draws nigh.
And we know that the Son of Man is
coming on those
clouds high above.
Remember at the trumpet call, lift your
voice! It's the year of
Jubilee. Yes, it is. It's time. Our
Zion's here.
Salvation comes. Behold, he comes riding
on a cloud, shining like the sun at the
trumpet call. Lift your voice! It's the
year of Jubilee. Do you believe it? It's
time, folks. It's time to rise and
shine, for the light has come and the
glory of the Lord is risen on you
today. It's time to shake off those
garments of barely getting by. It's time
to shake off the woe is me
thinking, the victim mentality. It's
time to shake it off and rise and shine.
It's our greatest hour. It's our time to
take our baton and grab a hold
of it and finish this
race
strong. Not saying, "Well,
sister so-and-so is down."No, go lift
her up out of that
ditch
and say, "No, sister. It's time to get
excited. Jesus is
coming."No
matter what everybody
else says and what's going on around us,
I know
that my redeemer lives. I know he lives
on the inside of me and I know that
he's coming back for me. Glory to God!
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures
forever. Regardless of the Canadian
government, regardless of
all the
things going
on, you can look
horizontal
and say, "Oh
no, the sky is falling, Chicken
Little."But
I stay vertical. Regardless of what
the economy is doing right now,
regardless of the terrorists, regardless
of all this stuff, I'm not moved
by what I see. I'm moved by what the
word of God says. He said he'd never
seen the righteous forsaken or his seed
begging bread. So if he took care of the
lilies
of the field and the sparrows of
the air, how much more will he take care
of me? How much more will he take care
of Diana and me and the children? How
much more will he take care of you?
Ladies and gentlemen, if the stock market falls
2,000 points every day next week—if it
goes down
to
the Dow
Jones 20,000 again—what would that be
like?
You'd
say,
"Oh no, the sky is
falling. We're in a great
recession."I've
never seen the righteous
forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
I believe that Jesus
Christ is the same yesterday, today, and
forever, and he'll provide for me.
He's going to provide for me
regardless of what the Dow Jones says or
what anybody else says. Jesus is my
provider. He is my strong tower.
I'm staying vertical,
listening to him, because I know that
what the devil means for bad, God's
going to turn it for good.
Father, we just give
you praise, glory, and honor today.
Glory to God! We thank you, Lord, for
all that you've done and all that you're
going to do. And we thank you, Lord, for
the healings that are happening right
now. Like popcorn, they're popping all
over this internet broadcast. People are
receiving their healings. People are
receiving what they've been believing
for. Marriages are being restored;
marriages are coming back together.
Children are coming in the name of
Jesus. Father, there's restoration of
homes, houses,
and
marriages.
Wayward husbands, wayward
wives—they're
coming to Jesus Christ today.
Wayward sons,
wayward
daughters, wayward
grandchildren—they're
coming home in the name of Jesus.
Wayward aunts, wayward uncles—it doesn't
matter. Nothing's too big, nothing's too
small. Jesus has it all. I believe that
today you're going to get your
breakthrough. Everything has an
expiration date, and it's time. We call
it in right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe, Father, that you're the God
of more than enough. We call in
finances. We believe, Father, that you
provide seed for the sower. You anoint
our finances. You anoint Diana
and my
finances. We thank you,
Lord, that you said you would take care
of us and provide for us. You'll
always take care of us. You will provide
for them. You're no respecter of
persons. What you'll do for one,
you'll do for another. Father, you're
able to do it. We call it in right now
from the north, the south, the east, and the
west. Finances, come forth in the name of
Jesus. Father, to support this gospel
throughout the whole world, finances,
come forth in the name of Jesus. That's
what you've got to say. You've got to say that
just like I'm praying right now: "Come
forth in the name of
Jesus."Creative
ideas to
get wealth. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that everything I put my hands to
will
prosper. I'm the head and not the tail.
I'm above and not beneath. I'll go
through and I'll not go under. I
believe, Father, that you've anointed me
for such a time as this to go and get
the plunder. I'm going out
to grab hold of what's in the
world's economy and bring it into the
kingdom of God. I am going just like
Joshua and Caleb, and we're going to
go and take the land for
Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
the healing power that flows on
every single person who's
believing for healing today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that they're
restored in their health
and
restored in their bodies, and they'll not
keep going around this mountain anymore.
Father, we refuse to spend another year
going around a mountain. We refuse to be
like the children of Israel in the
desert going around the mountain.
Father, we go and we take the land for
Jesus. We're going to go get that
blessing.
We're going to go get
the land in
Jesus'name.
Now, Father,
we lift up President Trump and
these big decisions he's making. I thank
you, Lord, that he has advisors and the
people around him. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that they're filled with
control by the Holy Ghost and they are
hearing Him even if they don't know
they're hearing
Him. President Trump's hearing Him and
he may not know he's hearing
Him. It's setting everything up for the
end times
and he may not even
know it, but he is pushing
the domino for the end time to happen.
He's pushing it. He's getting things
ready for the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ and the beast system. He's
pushing the domino. I believe it's
through him it's happening.
The end is
happening. It's right in front of our
faces if we just look, and he's using
Trump to get it done.
He may not even know
he's being used. But we know, Father,
that the steps are
being—I
believe the righteous are being led by
the Lord. I don't know if Trump's too
righteous, but we believe that he will
be on fire
for the Lord in a mighty way. I
thank you, Father, that he's filled with
the Holy Ghost with speaking in other
tongues. The glory of the Lord will
rest on the White House for the first
time ever, and a mighty Holy Ghost and
fire will be on the White House.
They will have prayer in the Oval
Office—not
just any prayer, Holy Ghost
prayer in the Oval
Office, on the Senate floor, and in
the
House. Holy Ghost and
fire over this nation for the greatest
harvest of souls this world has ever
seen.
One last time, Jesus is going to
visit America one last time for a great
harvest of
souls as we see all the signs coming
around us.
Thank you, Lord. From nation to nation,
from every tribe and every tongue,
Father, they'll have the opportunity to
hear about the Lord Jesus
Christ. Thank you,
Father. We give you praise,
glory, and honor at this
very hour, for you are good and your mercy
endures forever. We believe it
now, Father. We thank you,
Lord, for the great manifestations of the
glory that are coming in the name of
Jesus.
We call
revival. One last call. One great
revival. Nation to nation. We call in
the revival in
the name of
Jesus for demonstrations and
manifestations of the
glory.
We drink from the river of
life.
Out of the
flow we will go
as we stay at the river.
Forgive those that have persecuted you.
Walk
in love. Walk in the manifest glory of
love. Love never fails. You've got to
forgive those that have hurt you.
Forgive them, for it's a
stumbling block and a hindrance of the
glory and the flow. If
you've had
a separation and a divorce and there
is
great hurt, pain,
and
discomfort concerning these things,
forgive him
by faith. Forgive her by faith. I
hear
words
of
hurt
and
bitterness
toward people at work
or
family.
Release it and let it
go.
This
is
what is required of you to go up
higher with me.
Love takes no account of a
suffered wrong.
Don't let
the
sun go down on another day with this
inside of you. Let it go by faith
and let love prevail.
Let the love of the
Father wash over you
and
wash it out of you.
"That church hurt
me."I
hear it.
They hurt me so.
I can't go back in. I'll
never step foot into another church.
That pastor, deacon,
or
church member
hurt me. They said so
much.
They're a bunch of
hypocrites.
I hear these words. But the Lord
says,
"Forgive
them."You've
got to do it
by faith. You're bigger than this.
Go higher than this.
Don't
let the devil build a
stronghold. As of today, the Lord
says,
"I'm setting you free from the
stronghold of
bitterness."It's
time to come back to the fold.
It's time to let go.
Release it and let it go. You
wrestle not against flesh and blood. You
need to know this. It's not them;
it's the demonic spirits
working through them to snare you out of
what I've called you to do. To snare you
out of what I've called you to
do—it's
been a
stumbling block. You keep walking up to
it and tripping over it again because
you have to deal with them time and
time again,
and you keep
stumbling.
Oh, those memories and the
roots of hurt,
bitterness, and
pain.
It's gone so deep; it's become a strong
root. It's
not even mature; it's not
even
a little plant
anymore. It has
grown into
a great bush. You've got to uproot it
now in Jesus'name and throw it into the
fire. Uproot it
now. You do it by faith. Say, 'I receive
by faith. I receive forgiveness. I
receive this forgiveness by faith. I
receive
it. I release them in
Jesus'name.'But
they keep coming back and hurting me
again. I release it. I
will not let this build any more roots
in my heart.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong, and I receive it by faith in the
name of
Jesus. There's a river that's flowing,
a river that
flows. You say, 'Why have I been so dry?
What
about my soul? I don't hear you,
Lord.'Forgive
them. Let it go. The deep root of
bitterness is taking hold of your soul.
Let go.
There's a spiritual awakening
happening in you right
now—an
awakening unto God.
A
fresh fire
and
anointing
are
coming on you today because you've
let love flow. Let love
take control over this
heart, for
I am love. God is love.
It doesn't mean
you
let them keep abusing you. I hear you
say, 'Well, do I go back to the
abuse?'No,
you can forgive and not go back to
the abuse. You don't have to be
abused, but you let it go inside of you.
These people have been
hurting you, but you don't go back to
the abuse. You just don't let it stay in you. I forgive
them for my sake. I
let
love
flow.
But
you can put up
restraints
and say, 'No, I'm not going
to let you hurt me
anymore.'Sometimes
you put up a
barrier;
those
are
healthy boundaries.
You
don't let them keep coming in and
dumping their trash on you, but you
don't let it build a root in you.
They may not want
to change, but that doesn't mean
it has to hold
you back. I
forgive them, but I'm going to
maintain
boundaries.
We're not bitter; we're just
not going to allow the enemy to use
you to
keep eating
away
at
me.
Today
is
a new
day. Say it: 'Today is a new day.'I hear
the spirit of the Lord say, 'Today is a
new day for
you.'I'm
coming out of that pit
of despair.
Today is a healthy day, and
I'm going to walk in the light.
I'm going to walk in the
light because He is in the light. I'm
going to walk in love because He is love.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong, and I release it in the name of
Jesus. Love is patient, love is kind,
and
love is not easily provoked. Love never
fails.
I choose to stay
in this marriage. Unless there is something unbiblical going on, like cheating or abuse, there is no cause for divorce just because you say
you
don't love
him
anymore.
I would
recommend reading 'The Love
Dare.'If
love grows cold, how did you fall
in love in the first place?
Keep quoting: 'Love never fails.'I choose
to love my
spouse.
Stir up that love inside of you.
You
might
think
that lady at
the office is nice,
but
that's
lust.
There's
a
spirit behind
it. The grass is not greener on
the other side.
You open the
door for the devil, and he'll rob you of
years; the cankerworm will eat your
life.
I'm going to remain
pure,
honor
my wife, and honor
the covenant I made.
It will get
better, and the
kids will appreciate Mom and
Dad staying together. We're going to walk
in love, not for
some hussy
at work. I'm
going to
remain true to my vows. Women,
remain true to your vows. Some
guy at work has come up
smelling good and talks to you,
filling
an
emotional
need. It's dangerous;
you're
playing with fire.
You
won't
find fulfillment in another
person; you only find that
through Jesus Christ. The more
you try to fill it elsewhere, the less you understand
why your husband isn't meeting your
needs. Don't
call your
girlfriend and complain
that your
husband is lazy.
He
doesn't
ever love on me. Let it go.
Keep walking. Father,
all I need is you. Fill my love tank
today. Father, fill that love need today
and work on my husband. Father, I thank
you. Whatever my husband's going
through, he may be having the roughest
day at work. His boss might have been so
mean to him. Father, I don't know what
it
is, but Father, I ask you to break
those scales off of our marriage.
Stir in our marriage today. Stir in us,
Father, that we live long and finish
strong. Our marriage will not falter.
God, we're going to make this
work. Pray for him. Pray in the Holy
Ghost. Father, I thank you that there's
no hussy coming after my
husband. Seriously, you've got to do it.
And
if you don't, who will? Oh, well,
the pastor will. No, pastors have
their plates
full. You need to
do it. Glory to God. Yes. I don't
know who that was for, but that was for
somebody. I felt it so strong
inside. That came out
in
tongues. Do you have anything else for us,
Holy Spirit?
I see green grass.
It's green and it's being
watered and it's a brook. I see the
brook and the trees.
Oh, a place of peace, a place of joy.
For
goodness and mercy are going to take you
over today.
They're always
following you, but they're going to take
you over.
As you
yield, stop running. There
are
many of you
who
are
running from me. He
says
he's just looking for a yielded yes.
'I will,'and he said, 'I will take
over.'Good
measure,
pressed down, shaken together, and
running over is more than just finances.
It's an overflow
of my love, my
grace, my joy,
my goodness, and my mercy.
That
good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over, that's going
to be given into your bosom. But
I'm telling you, it's more than this.
You'll see it. It's
an overflow of goodness,
mercy,
and
peace.
Goodness and mercy are going to follow
you,
but now they're going to overtake
you.
As you release
it,
that torment is gone. The
torment of things is gone.
Oh, Father, we give you praise and glory
for it right now in Jesus'name. Glory to
God. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for doing
this and bringing it
to pass. It's coming to
pass at last.
Hallelujah.
Goodness and mercy are taking and
running us down.
Oh, Father, we thank
you. Great
signs will follow
them that believe.
And the
greater works you'll do,
for I work through you.
Don't look at the edge of time.
Focus on today with me and you.
Don't be worried
about tomorrow, for tomorrow takes
thought of itself.
Many of you are worried
and
fretting
about tomorrow. The threats and the
worry about life are choking the life out
of you. You're not living because
you're always thinking about tomorrow,
worried and
having
anxiety. Don't let anxiety
in you anymore, for love is
standing at the door.
Let love take over and flow. For I am
love. Let
me in and I'll take over.
I know what tomorrow holds for you.
I
have everything in my hand.
As you seek my face, you can have
what's in my hand. Flow with
that love.
I know what your future holds.
I'll take care of the
lilies
of the field and the sparrow of the air.
I'll take care of you. Don't worry about
the edge of
the
horizon. Don't sit there and freak out.
People are freaking out,
going, 'Oh no, what are we
going to do
about what's
coming?'I
have it
all planned out for you. The
steps of the righteous are ordered of
me.
Only seek me and I'll work through
you.
Glory to God.
And
it will come
to pass at last. All that I have for
you. The sowers and the reapers are
going to go hand in hand. I'm
working through
you as the seeds you've sown in the
past are going to come to harvest at
last. Great manifestations of the
glory
and
an acceleration of
seedtime
and harvest.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord.
It will come to
pass at last. You're going to see it.
Diana, what he has
for us and for the body.
As we look at
the edge of all these things that are
coming, we're not worried. We
stay in the atmosphere of peace
because
he knows what we have need of before we
even know
it.
Stay in that place of rest. Our mind is
stayed on him.
We see it
going
horizontal, but we stay vertical. Glory
to God. That's what we have for
you today.
Thank you for joining us. We
appreciate every single one of you. This
is the verse I was thinking of: 'You will
keep him in perfect peace whose mind is
stayed on you because he trusts in
you.'That's
Isaiah 26:3. It's
beautiful.
Keeping him
in
perfect peace because his eye is
trusting you. We're staying vertical.
If you could,
subscribe if you
haven't, click the
notification bell, and the like
button.
There's a lot of you that
watch all the time but never
click the like
button. We appreciate your support.
If 60,000 clicks
would come on there, that'd be a
big day.
It would be a real blessing to us if there
were
60,000 comments.
It boosts us in the
algorithm.
Some folks don't like us,
but
we love you anyway.
We really appreciate you
subscribing and clicking the
notification bell; it helps us
with the algorithm. God bless you all.
That's all we ask for.
It's not hard, just click.
Thank you for joining us today. We
always close our broadcast by saying:
put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we love you. God bless you, and we will
see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.